
[Intro: announcer]
Is this mic on?! Hey! Hey hey!
Turn the mic up! C'mon, I want the mic
We bringin' up nobody! Nobody!
Nobody, but the number one rapper in the world~!
He done travelled all over the world
He came back, just to give you some game
All the little boys and girls, come up here
Come up here! This for you!
Come on out - KENDRICK LAMAR~!

[Kendrick Lamar]
I, one-two, one-two, what's happenin' fool?

I done been through a whole lot
Trial, tribulation, but I know God
The Devil wanna put me in a bow tie
Pray that the holy water don't go dry, yeah yeah
As I look around me
So many motherfuckers wanna down me
But an enemigo never drown me
In front of a dirty double-mirror they found me

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] + (Anna Wise)
(And I love myself!) Huh!
And when you lookin' at ME, a-tell me what do you SEE!!
(I love myself!) Ahh~!
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the BULLY!!
(I love myself!) Uhh!
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't seem shy
(I love my-self!)
One day at a time - huh!

[Kendrick Lamar]
They wanna say it's a war outside, bomb in the street
Gun in the hood, mob of police
Rock on the corner with a line for the fiend
And a bottle full of lean and a model on the scheme
Uhh! These days of frustration
keep y'all on tuck and rotation (come to the front)
Yeah, I duck these cold faces
Post up fi-fie-fo-fum basis
Dreams of reality's peace (oh yeah!)
Blow steam in the face of the beast
Sky could fall down, wind could cry now
Look at me motherfucker, I smile

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] + (Anna Wise)
(And I love myself!) Uhh!
And then you lookin' at ME, a-tell me what do you SEE!!
(I love myself!) Ahh~!
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the BULLY!!
(I love myself!) Uhh!
Illuminated - all y'all come to the front, y'all come up to the front
(I love my-self!)
Baby girl, you, come on..

[Kendrick Lamar] + (Anna Wise)
(Crazy.. what you gon' do?)
Lift up your head and keep movin' (keep movin')
Turn the mic up (haunt you)
Peace to fashion police, I wear my heart
On my sleeve, let the runway start
You know the miserable do love company
What do you want from me and my scars?
Everybody lack confidence, everybody lack confidence
How many times my potential was anonymous?
How many times the city makin' me promises?
So I promise this, nigga

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] + (Anna Wise)
(And I love myself!) Uhh!
When you lookin' at ME, a-tell me what do you SEE!!
(I love myself!) Ahh~!
I put a bullet in the back of the back of the head of the BULLY!!
(I love myself!) Huh!
Illuminated by the hand of God, boy don't seem shy
(I love my-self!)

[Kendrick Lamar]
(Huh!) Walk, my, bare, feet (huh!) walk, my, bare, feet
(Huh!) Down, down, valley, deep (huh!) down, down, valley, deep - I love myself!
(Huh!) Fi-fie-fo-fum (huh!) fi-fie-fo-fum - I love myself!
(Huh!) My, heart, un-done - one, two, three!

I went to war last night...
With an automatic weapon, don't nobody call a medic
I'ma do it 'til I get it right
I went to war last night {night, night, night, night...}
I've been dealin' with depression ever since an adolescent
Duckin' every other blessin', I can never see the message
I could never take the lead, I could never bob and weave
From a negative and lettin' them annihilate me
And it's evident I'm movin' at a meteor speed
Finna run into a building, lay my body...
[Interlude: Kendrick Lamar]
Not on my, not while I'm up here!
Not on my time, kill the music! Not on my time
We could save that shit for the streets
We could save that shit; this for the kids, bro
2015, niggas tired of playin' victim dawg
Niggas ain't tryin' to play vic' - Tutu, how many niggas we done lost?
How many - Yan-Yan, how many we done lost?
No fo'real, answer the quest'
How many niggas we done lost bro, this, this year alone?
Exactly! So we, we ain't got time to waste time my nigga
Niggas gotta make time bro
The judge make time, you know that, the judge make time right?
The judge make time so it ain't shit
It shouldn't be shit for us to come out here
and appreciate the little bit of life we got left, dawg
On the dead homies, Charlie P., you know that bro!
You know that.. right, it's, it's mando; right, it's mando
And I, and I, and I say this because I love you niggas man
I love all my niggas bro, exac' - enough said, enough said
And we gon' get back to the show and move on
because that shit petty, my nigga
Mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check, mic check
We gon' do some acapella shit before we get back to
All, all my niggas listen, listen to this

[Kendrick Lamar - acapella]
I promised Dave I'd never use the phrase "fuck nigga"
He said "Think about what you sayin', fuck niggas"
No better than Samuel on "Django"
No better than a white man with slave boats
Sound like I needed some soul searchin'
My pops gave me some game in real person
Retraced my steps on what they never taught me
Did my homework fast before government caught me
So I'm a dedicate this one verse to Oprah
On how the infamous, sensitive N-word control us
So many artists gave her an explanation to hold us
Well this is my explanation straight from Ethiopia
N-E-G-U-S definition: royalty
King royalty - wait listen
N-E-G-U-S description: black emperor
King, ruler, now let me finish
The history books overlooked the word and hide it
America tried to make it to a house divided
The homies don't recognize, we be using it wrong
So I'ma break it down and put my game in the song
N-E-G-U-S, say it with me
Or say no more; black stars can come and get me
Take it from Oprah Winfrey, tell her she right on time
Kendrick Lamar, by far, realest negus alive