
[Dr. Dre] + (Kendrick Lamar)
Every morning when I wake up, uh, money on my mind
Good time to get caked up, uh, sunshine coming through my blinds
I'm living but, really though, it's never enough
10 million, that's a must, living in California, everybody want to visit for
(women, weed and weather), they come for (women, weed and weather)
(For the women, weed and weather), from all around the world for the (women, weed and weather)
These niggas will kill for that, put it in your grill for that
Still, everybody gotta build for that, me? I make mills off that
How the fuck y'all can't see I ride, when I drive down the block and you look outside?
H-A-T-E in your eyes, I enter big money for the enterprise
It's a beautiful day I guess for a bitch to roll with Andre I guess
Roll it up baby, come lift that dress, then roll it up for me when I'm stressed

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar] + (Dr. Dre)
You might catch me in Atlanta looking like a boss
New Orleans and then Miami, party in New York
Texas, I be screwed up, Chi-town, I be really pimping
But nothing like my hometown, I'm forever living
Women, weed and weather, (they come for) women, weed and weather
For the women, weed and weather, (from all around the world for the) women, weed and weather
Got that women, weed and weather, don't it sound clever? Come and play
Wh-what more can I say? W-welcome to L.A.

[Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, my nigga said he wanna fly out to get him some
three Ws, only for a three-day run
Bitch, take them motherfucking panties off, you ain't no nun
Shit, I be living in the sky every time I ride by them hoes
"Ribbon in the Sky" on the radio cause Stevie know I control
Let it breathe, I control, California living till I am old
We want to be one to peak on the charts, so the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
She in the coupe, she in the Neon, cause she on the B.S. before we can start
Uh, fuck with a nigga, ride with a nigga, let 'em know I'm priority, order me
Hennessey, and for my niggas O.G. Killa, call it Jason Voorhees
Boy he's on his job, boy he sure be having the marks on they mark
Pretty bitches and tire marks, let 'em inhale them pipe exhausts
Let 'em reveal how much it cost, for this life, controlling my price
No way, hell no, uh uh, if I'm wrong I don't wanna be right
We want to be one to peak on the charts, so the peons can be gone and pee on their hearts
Women, weed, weather, it's not my fault
that it's eighty-two degrees and my top peeled off

[Chorus]

[Dr. Dre]
Uh, known for that homegrown where I come from
Smoke one, palm trees, double Ds, got 'em topless in the sun
I shall proceed, that's me, motherfuck your opinion
Huh, how many ways am I killing 'em? Shit, right around a billion
Hey, we on it, that mean we living for the moment
That mean she'll fuck till the morning
Time, and I got time, and I know that I'm in a position of controlling
anything out by that ocean, I'm a boss, I'll buy that ocean
Ain't nobody fucking with this

[Kendrick Lamar]
They want that shit, they often fiend, I give it to 'em, but in between
my time, I gotta tie shoestrings, life's a trip when you want these things
I often slip and then I lean toward three Ws in life
You know blow job need an application and eating pussy make appetite
And yeah my type, I like 'em brown just like my drink, the fuck you think?
I don't fuck with no hand-me-downs, see if you fuck then it's after me
You know how much I'ma make it work? You know her trust living in her purse
When you discuss your love for lust, just make sure you visit here first, Cali

[Chorus]