
{"I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence
  Sometimes I did the same"}

{*woman moaning and groaning*}

"If these walls could talk...
 If these walls could talk...
 If these walls could talk...
 If these walls could talk...
 If these walls could talk..
 IF THESE WALLS COULD TAL-L-L-L-K-" Sex.

[Anna Wise]
She just want to close her eyes and sway
If you, if you, if you...
Exercise your right to work it out
It's true, it's true, it's true....
Shout out to the birthday girls, say hey! (hey!) Say hey! (hey!)
{"Aw girl~!"} Everyone deserves a night to play (play)
She plays - only when you tell her no

[Chorus: Anna Wise] (Bilal)
If these walls could talk
(I can feel your reign/rain when it cries, gold lives inside of you)
If these walls could talk
(I love it when I'm in it, I love it when I'm in it, ohh) Ohh...

[Kendrick Lamar]
If these walls can talk, they'd tell me to swim good
No boat, I float better than he would
No life jacket, I'm not the God of Nazareth
But your flood can be misunderstood
Wall tellin me they full of pain, resentment
Need someone to live in them just to relieve tension
Me? I'm just a tenant...
Landlord said these walls vacant more than a minute
These walls are vulnerable, exclamation
Interior pink, color coordinated
I interrogated every nook and cranny
I mean it's still amazing, before they couldn't stand me
These walls want to cry tears
These walls happier when I'm here
These walls never could hold up
Every time I come around, demolition might (*CRUSH*)

[Chorus]

[Kendrick Lamar]
If these walls can talk, they'd tell me to go deep
Yellin at me continuously I can see
Your defense mechanism is my decision
Knock these walls down, that's my religion
Walls feelin like they ready to close in
I suffocate then catch my second wind
I resonate in these walls
I don't know how long I can wait in these walls
I've been on these streets too long
...Lookin at you from the outside in
They sing the same old song
About how they walls are always the cleanest
I beg to differ, I must've missed them
I'm not involved, I'd rather diss them
I'd rather call.. on you, put your wall up
Cause when I come around demolition gon' (*CRUSH*)

[Chorus]

[Kendrick Lamar]
If your walls can talk, they'd tell you it's too late
Your destiny accepted your fate
Burn accessories and stash 'em on the yard
Take the recipe, the Bible and God
Wall tellin you that commissary is low
Race wars happenin, no callin CO
No calling your mother to save you
Homies to say you're reputable, not acceptable
Your behavior is Sammy the Bull-like - a killer that turned snitch
Walls is tellin me you a bitch
You pray for appeals hopin the warden would afford them
...(THAT SENTENCE SO IMPORTANT)
Walls tellin you to listen to "Sing About Me"
Retaliation is strong, you even dream about me
Killed my homeboy and God spared your life
Dumb criminal got indicted same night
So when you play this song, rewind the first verse
About me abusin my power so you can hurt
About me and her in the shower whenever she horny
About me and her in the after hours of the morning
About her baby daddy currently servin life
And how she think about you until we meet up at night
About the only girl that cared about you when you asked her
And how she fuckin on a famous rapper
(WALLS CAN TALK, TALK... {*echoes*})

{"I remember you was conflicted, misusing your influence
 Sometimes I did the same, abusing my power full of resentment
 Resentment that turned into a deep depression
 Found myself screaming in a hotel room"}