
{Sample of "Every Nigger is a Star" by Boris Gardiner fades in}
"Every nigger is a star, every nigger is a star
 Every nigger is a star, every nigger is a star
 Every nigger is a star
 Who will deny that you and I and every nigger is a star?"

[Intro: George Clinton]
HIT ME~!
When the four corners of this cocoon collide
You'll slip through the cracks hopin that you'll survive
Gather your wind, take a deep look inside
Are you really who they idolize? To pimp a butterfly

[Chorus: Kendrick Lamar]
At first, I did love you
But now I just wanna fuck
Late night thinkin of you
...Until I got my nut
Tossed and turned, lesson learned
You was my first girlfriend
Bridges burned, all across the board
Destroyed, but what for?

[Kendrick Lamar]
When I get signed, homie I'ma ack a fool
Hit the dance flo', strobe lights in the room
Snatch ya lil' secretary bitch for the homies
Blue-eyed devil with a fat-ass monkey
I'ma buy a brand new Caddy on vogues
Trunk the hood up, two times, deuce four
Platinum on er'rythang, platinum on wedding ring
Married to the game and a bad bitch chose
When I get signed homie, I'ma buy a strap
Straight from the CIA, set it on my lap
Take a few M-16s to the hood
Pass 'em all out on the block, what's good?
I'ma put the Compton Swap Meet by the White House
Republican run up, get socked out
Hit the Pres with a Cuban link on my neck
Uneducated but I got a million-dollar check, like that

[Thundercat]
We should never gave, we should never gave
you niggaz money, go back home, money go back home
We should never gave, we should never gave
you niggaz money, go back home, money go back home
(Everybody get UUUUUUUUUUUPPPPPP!!!!)

[Chorus] Remember the first time you came out to the house?
 You said you wanted a spot like mine
 But remember, anybody can get it
 The hard part is keepin it, motherfucker~!")

[Kendrick Lamar]
What you want? You a house? You a car?
Forty acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see, my name is Uncle Sam, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can live at the mall
I know your kind (That's why I'm kind)
Don't have receipts? (Aw man, that's fine)
Pay me later, wear those gators, cliche and say fuck your haters
I can see the bottle in you, I can see the dollar in you
Little white lies, but it's no white-collar in you
But it's whatever though because I'm still followin you
Because you make me live forever baby, count it all together baby
Then hit the register and make me feel better baby
Your horoscope is a Gemini, two sides
So you better cop everything two times
Two coupes, two chains, two c-notes
Too much ain't enough, both we know
Christmas, tell 'em what's on your wish list
Get it all, you deserve it, Kendrick
And when you get the White House, do you
But remember you ain't pass economics in school
And everything you buy, taxes will deny
I'll Wesley Snipe yo' ass befo' thirty-five

[George Clinton] (Kendrick Lamar)
Yeah, lookin down is quite a drop (It's quite a drop, drop!)
Lookin good when you're on top (When you're on top, you got it!)
You got a medal for us, leavin miracles metaphysically in a state of euphoria
Look both ways before you CROSS my mind!

[Thundercat]
We should never gave, we should never gave
you niggaz money, go back home, money go back home
We should never gave, we should never gave
you niggaz money, go back home, money go back home

(Tax man comin, tax man comin, tax man comin, TAX MAN COMIN!!!)