.
Im on my ballin each and every day.
Asian girls everywhere UCLA.
You see me babe You see me babe.
.
.
Im on my isssssssssssh call it.
I watch these haters take they shots like they were alcoholics.
What is he wearin Somebody jack that fools steeze.
If Im a faggot spell it right I got way more than two Gs.
Nigga Im amazin Im a phenom Im assassin Ima kill yall.
Ima say mamase mamasa mamakusa.
And this shits closed now cause I ball too hard.
And Im cummin on her face have I gone too far.
I dont know who cares I dont love that broad.
And its funny how these fake niggaz always act hard.
Im a black star in a black car with a black card.
They wanna knock me out they tryin nigga.
Realest motherfucker in the game like Tron nigga.
Forget these white girls I need some variation.
especially if she very Asian.
She got an ugly friend Roll solo.
Can I stay at your place No hobo.
Not my fault man these ladies love me.
Shes an overachiever cause all she do is suck seed.
.
.
.
.
Send me naked pics Ima Tumbl that.
Im the shit been the shit fuck a humble brag.
Yeah we pushin that and her pussycat.
I got swag out my ass so Im usin that.
Textin with Olivia Munn hopefully shell give me some.
Or some Rosie Jones man hoes is hoes is hoes man.
Racks on racks on racks man all I got is tracks man.
Sorry for my accent but Ive been practicin.
Everywhere you go niggaz blastin that Gambino.
Niggaz be like Ye aint know.
Bitches be like Ye aint know.
Met this fly Latino hope that she eighteen though.
If she not Ill say that I got deep throat in Heathrow.
.
.
.
.
Told me I was shit but that shit couldnt stop me.
A nigga still hungry black Kobayashi.
When I talk about you I hear a Who like Horton.
I was born for this shit you a rappin abortion.
Can we hear the Nword one day and not get upset.
Can we try somethin new and not be suspect.
I dont really know we fucked up bad.
You dont wanna see my dudes when they get mad.
I got a bunch of jackanapes at the back of me.
thatll lacerate anyone in the back of a matinee.
And laugh while they masturbatin all over your beaten body.
Sick boy forever that Suburban Illuminati.
Naw nigga yeah we never stop.
No period like menopause.
No period like Oh shit.
Am I the only one you sleepin with.
.
