
[Intro]
Alls my life I has to fight, nigga!
Alls my life I... Hard times like, "God!"
Bad trips like, "God~!" Nazareth
I'm fucked up, homie you fucked up
But if God got us, then we gon' be alright

[Chorus: Pharrell Williams]
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
We gon' be alright
Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Huh? We gon' be alright
Nigga, we gon' be alright
Do you hear me? Do you feel me? We gon' be alright

[Kendrick Lamar]
Uh, and when I wake up
I recognize you're lookin at me for the pay cut
But homicide be lookin at you from the face down
When Mac-11 even boom with the bass down - SCHEMIN!
And let me tell you 'bout MY life
Painkillers only put me in the twilight
Where pretty pussy and Benjamin is the highlight
Now tell my momma I love her but this what I like, Lord knows
20 of 'em in my Chevy, tell 'em all to come and get me
Reapin everything I sow, so my karma come
And heaven, no preliminary hearing, so my record
And my motherfuckin gang stands silence for the record, uih!
Tell the world, I know it's too late
Boys and girls, I think I've gone crazy
Drown inside my vices all day
Won't you please believe when I say

[Pre-Chorus]                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ]
Wouldn't you know, we been hurt, been down before... nigga!
When our pride was low, lookin at the world like, "Where do we go?"... nigga!
And we HATE po-po, wanna kill us dead in the street for sure... nigga!
I'm at the preacher's door, my knees gettin weak
and my gun might blow, but we gon' be alright

[Chorus]

[Kendrick Lamar]
What you want? You a house? You a car?
Forty acres and a mule? A piano, a guitar?
Anything, see, my name is Lucy, I'm your dog
Motherfucker, you can LIVE at the mall
I can see the evil, I can tell it, I know when it's illegal
I don't think about it, I deposit every other zero
Thinkin of my partner put the candy painted on the Regal
Diggin in my pocket, ain't a profit big enough to feed you
Everyday my logic, get another dollar just to keep you
In the presence of your chico -- ah~!
I don't talk about it, be about it, everyday I see cool
If I got it then you know you got it, heaven, I can reach you
Pet dog, pet dog, pet dog, my dog, that's all
Pick back and chat, I trap the back for y'all
I rap, I black on track and rest assured
My rights, my wrongs I write 'til I'm right with God

[Pre-Chorus + Chorus]

[Outro]
I keep my head up high
I cross my heart and hope to die
Lovin me is complicated, too afraid a lot of changes
I'm alright and you're a favorite, dark nights in my prayers

{"I remembered you was conflicted, misusing your influence
  Sometimes I did the same, abusing my power full of resentment
  Resentment that turned into a deep depression
  Found myself screamin in the hotel room
  I didn't wanna self-destruct, the evils of Lucy was all around me
  ...So I went runnin' for answers"}