
[Kendrick Lamar]
Tired of runnin', uh, tired of huntin'
Uh, my own kind, but retirin' nothin'
Uh, tires are steady screechin', the driver is rubbin'
Uh, hands on the wheel, uh, who said we wasn't
Uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst?

Uh, dope on the corner, uh, look at the coroner
Uh, daughter is dead, uh, mother is mournin' her
Uh, strayed bullets, uh, AK bullets
Resuscitation was waitin' patiently but they couldn't
Uh, bring her back, uh, who got the footage?
Uh, Channel 9, uh, cameras is lookin'
It's hard to channel your energy when you know you're crooked
Uh, banana clip, split his banana puddin'
Uh, I'm like Tre, uh, that's Cuba Gooding
Uh, I know I'm good at, uh, dyin' of thirst
Uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst

Uh, how many sins? Uh, I'm runnin' out
Uh, how many sins? Uh, I lost count
Dreams of ballin' like Spalding but only shotty bounce
Uh, the reaper callin', uh, I'm cottonmouth
Uh, money is power (money is power) yours is ours (yours is ours)
Lay with a snitch, uh, die with a coward
Uh, hope we get rich, uh, hope we can tower
Uh, over the city with vanity with the music louder
Uh, the same song, uh, a black flower
Uh, I'll show you how to, uh, dye your thirst
Uh, dye your thirst, uh, dye your thirst

Uh, what are we doin'? (what are we doin'?) Uh, who are we foolin'? (Who are we foolin'?)
Uh, Hell is hot (Hell is hot) uh, fire is proven (fire is proven)
Uh, to burn for eternity, return of the student
that never learned how to live righteous but how to shoot it
Uh, tired of runnin', uh, choirs is hummin'
Uh, tell us to visit, uh, we lyin' 'bout comin'
Uh, now back to business, uh, loadin' the guns in
Uh, back of the Buick, your hood is feudin' and the beef is bubblin'
Uh, it's no discussion, uh, hereditary
Uh, all of my cousins, uh, dyin' of thirst
Uh, dyin' of thirst, uh, dyin' of thirst

Uh, too many sins, uh, I'm runnin' out
Uh, somebody send me, a well for the drought
Uh, see all I know, uh, is takin' notes
Uh, on takin' this life for granted, granted if he provoke
Uh, my best days, uh, I stress days 
(Lord forgive me for all my sins for I not know)
My best days, uh, I stress days
Uh, say "Fuck the world", uh, my sex slave
Uh, money, pussy and greed; what's my next crave?
Whatever it is, know it's my next grave
Uh, tired of runnin' (tired of runnin') tired of runnin' (tired of runnin')
Tired of tumblin' (tired of tumblin') tired of runnin' (tired of runnin')
Uh, tired of tumblin'
Back once my momma said "See a pastor, give me a promise
What if today was the rapture, and you completely tarnished?
The truth will set you free so to me be completely honest
You dyin' of thirst, you dyin' of thirst
So hop in that water, and pray that it works"