[Intro: male]
Come here, girl
Oh you want me to touch you right there?
Ohh, like a little lamb, play in your hair
Ahahah, oh you want it? 
Oh you want it right now? Like that? 
Ah, I got you baby
Ahahah, all on you baby
Ahahah, push it back on daddy
Push it back on daddy baby
Ahahahahaha...

[Kendrick Lamar]
I seen it vividly joggin' my brain memory
Life no, I seen it vividly joggin' my brain memory
Life no longer infinity, this was the final callin'
No birds chirpin' or flyin', no dogs barkin'
We all nervous and cryin', movin' in caution
In disbeliefs our beliefs the reason for all this
The tallest building plummet, crackin' and crumblin'
The ground is shakin', swallowin' young woman
With a baby, daisies and other flowers burnin' in destruction
The smell is disgustin', the heat is unbearable
Preachers touchin' on boys run for cover, the paranoid
Rapists and murderers hurdle alleys
Valleys and high places turn into dust, famous screamin' in agony
Atheists for suicide, planes fallin' out the sky
Trains jumpin' off the track, mothers yellin' "He's alive!"
Backpedalin' Christians settlin' for forgiveness
Evidence all around us, the town is covered in fishes
Ocean water dried out, fire burnin' more tires out
Tabernacle and city capital turned inside out
Public bathroom, college classroom's been deserted
Another trumpet has sounded off and everyone heard it
(It's happenin') No more runnin' from world wars
(It's happenin') No more discriminatin' the poor
(It's happenin') No more bad bitches and real niggas
Wishin' for green and gold, the last taste of allure
I swore I seen it vividly, a moniker of war 
from Heaven that played the symphony, thunder like number four
Then I heard "What have you did for me?" I fell to my knees
Pulled out my resume that dated back to June 17th
1987, my paperwork was like a receipt
I was valedictorian, I was fearful of judgment
But confident I had glory in all my past endeavors
Close my eyes, pray to God that I live forever
Dark skies, fire and brimstone, some of us sent home
Some of us never did wrong but still went to Hell
Geez Louise, I thought you said that I'd excel
I made "To Pimp a Butterfly" for you
Told me to use my vocals to save mankind for you, say I didn't try for you
Say I didn't ride for you, I tithed for you
I pushed the club to the side for you, who love you like I love you? ...
Crucifix, tell me you can fix
Anytime I need, I'ma start jottin' everything in my diary
Never would you lie to me, always camaraderie
I can see our days been numbered
Revelation greatest as we hearin' the last trumpet
All man, child, woman, life completely went in reverse
I guess I'm runnin' in place tryin' to make it to church...

[Outro]
Young nigga act an ass
Young nigga act a fool
Young nigga get yo' cash
Young nigga do what it do
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Young nigga go, young nigga go
Whatever makes all of you happy in this bitch
Just take it all back before the light switch