Artist: Kanye West f/ Ty Dolla $ign
[Kanye West]
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us? How many jealous? 
Real friends, it's not many of us
We smile at each other, but how many honest? 
Trust issues, switched up the number
I can't be bothered, I can not blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues
I'm just doin' my thang, hope you're doin' your thang too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up, I'm drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry? Uhh

[Ty Dolla $ign]
Tell me you want your tickets when it's game time 
Even to call your daughter on her FaceTime
Even when we was young, I used to make time
Now we be way too busy just to make time
Even for my

[Chorus: Kanye West] + (Ty Dolla + Kanye)
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
(Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him)
Uhh, I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked (down on my name, throwed dirt on him)

[Kanye West] + (Ty Dolla $ign)
I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
(Couldn't tell you much about the fam though)
(I just showed up for the yams though)
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas then I'm finished then it's, back to bid'ness
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
(Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children)
(Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me)
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest dawg, I ain't feelin' your energy
(Money turn your kin into an enemy)
(Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be)
(Lookin' for all) The real friends (real friends)
How many of us? How many of us, are real friends
to real friends, to the real end?
'Til the wheels (fall off) 'til the wheels don't spin 
(Spin, yeah yeah)
To 3 A.M., callin'...
How many (real friends) just to ask you a question?
Just to see how you was feelin'?
How many? For the last, you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like "What's up fam? Hope you good"
You say "I'm good" then "great", the next text they ask you for somethin'...
How many...
(What's best for your family, immediate or extended?)
(Any argument, the media'll extend it)
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga $250,000 just to get it from him
Real friends... huh?

[Chorus]